Snowfakery 2 (#408)
SFDO-Tooling/Snowfakery: HISTORY.md

And so [Salesforce.org](http://salesforce.org/) said “Let there be data,” and there was Snowfakery. And it was good.

## Snowfakery 2.0

> Recipes can now merge in data from Salesforce Salesforce instances as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recipes can now merge in data from Salesforce orgs as
```

records, IDs or datasets. (#395 and #401)

> Output streams can now be specified as 3rd party libraries. Any Python classname

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output streams can now be specified as 3rd party libraries. Any Python class name
```

can be passed to --output-format as long as it adheres to the OutputStream
protocol as shown in examples/YamlOutputStream.py (#351)

Snowfakery is thread-safe/multi-processor-ready and available for parallel usage

> in CumulusCI. (CumulusCI Repo)

Reviewer: Did you intend this to be a link?

Author: No, I think it would just clutter the doc for not enough benefit, IMO.
